# Team Meeting // 02.1
**Date:** 11/02/20 \
**Time:** 13:00\
**Location:** EC Stoner, Long Room\
**Author:** Jasmine
## Attendees
Dante, Lewis, Li, Jasmine, Jason, Vincent.

## Follow-up
**Delivered:**

| Agenda Item:                             | Action Items:                | Assignee(s):   | Deliveree(s)   | Delivered: |
|------------------------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------------|
| Project brief                            | Read gym brief               | Entire team    | Entire team    | 11/02/20   |
| Outline project sprints                  | Research a gym               | Dante, Jasmine | Dante, Jasmine | 11/02/20   |
| Outline project sprints                  | Research a gym               | Lewis, Li      | Lewis, Li      | 11/02/20   |
| Outline project sprints                  | Research a gym               | Jason, Vincent | Jason, Vincent | 11/02/20   |
| Stack and documentation software options | Setup base gitlab repository | Jasmine        | Vincent        | 11/02/20   |

**Not Delivered:**

| Agenda Item:                             | Action Items:                  | Assignee(s): | Original Deadline: | Retasked:   |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------|--------------------|-------------|
| Stack and documentation software options | Research gitlab issue tracking | Entire team  | 11/02/20           | In minutes. |

## Agenda
Discuss research/requirements findings. Finalise software/documentation options. Inform of sprint structure: meetings, scrums, issue tracker use etc. Discuss git version control options. Inform of Gitlab wiki. Discuss build and deploy software. Assign pairs for pair programming. 

## Minutes
**Agenda Item:**\
Discuss research/requirements findings.\
**Presenter:**\
Vincent\
**Discussion:**\
Jason and Vincent were unable to perform their intended SQIRO at the local gym due to storm Ciara. Lewis and Li produced a database schema and an outline of the Vertex centre informed by the project brief and knowledge of the inner workings of a leisure centre.\
**Conclusion:**\
Further action needs to be taken in regards to research/requirements.

| Action Items:  | Assignee(s): | Deadline: |
|:-----------------------|:---------------------|:----------------|
|Upload research to wiki|Lewis, Li|15/02/20|
|Upload research to wiki|Jason, Vincent|15/02/20|

---
**Agenda Item:**\
Finalise software/documentation options.\
**Presenter:**\
Vincent\
**Discussion:**\
Lewis presents his hotel website implemented with Flask, walks through files and their structure.\
**Conclusion:**

Interface:
- Languages: HTML/CSS/Javascript
- Frameworks: Bootstrap/JQuery

Server:
- Languages: Python
- Toolkits: SQLAlchemy/ParseLib

Database:
- Languages: SQLite

| Action Items:  | Assignee(s): | Deadline: |
|:-----------------------|:---------------------|:----------------|
|Provide resources on Flask|Lewis|12/02/20|
|Research Flask|Li, Jasmine, Jason, Vincent|17/02/20|

---
**Agenda Item:**\
Inform of sprint structure: meetings, scrums, issue tracker use etc.\
**Presenter:**\
Vincent\
**Conclusion:**\
It is understood that there will be one sprint planning meeting per sprint, two to three status meetings during the sprint and a sprint review meeting at the end of the sprint.

---
**Agenda Item:**\
Discuss git version control options.\
**Presenter:**\
Vincent\
**Discussion:**\
Vincent suggests a feature branch workflow. Jasmine discusses past experiences with Gitlab version control and branching. \
**Conclusion:**\
Feature branch workflow will be used.

| Action Items:  | Assignee(s): | Deadline: |
|:-----------------------|:---------------------|:----------------|
|Assign version control role|Jasmine|12/02/20|

---
**Agenda Item:**\
Inform of Gitlab wiki.\
**Presenter:**\
Vincent\
**Conclusion:**\
Role and structure of wiki understood.

| Action Items:  | Assignee(s): | Deadline: |
|:-----------------------|:---------------------|:----------------|
|Familiarise selves with wiki/issue tracker|Dante, Lewis, Li, Jason|17/02/20|

---
**Agenda Item:**\
Discuss build and deploy software.\
**Presenter:**\
Vincent\
**Discussion:**\
Jason recalls past experience with Maven. Some confusion about the software and its role.\
**Conclusion:**\
Research needs to be done before decision can be made.

| Action Items:  | Assignee(s): | Deadline: |
|:-----------------------|:---------------------|:----------------|
|Research build and deploy software|Jasmine|12/02/20|

---
**Agenda Item:**\
Assign pairs for pair programming.\
**Presenter:**\
Jasmine\
**Conclusion:**\
Pairs:
- Dante and Jason
- Lewis and Li
- Jasmine and Vincent

